[#49076] Add technical documentation for file storage integration (#13108)
opf/openproject: docs/development/file-storage-integration/README.md

> # File storage integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Integrating more external file storage providers
```

Author: added

> External file storages can be used from within OpenProject with the file storage module. This adds certain use cases,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External file storages can be integrated with OpenProject via the _File storages_ module. This adds certain use cases,
```

Author: added

> e.g. in the files tab of a work package, to interact with files located on the storage and link them to entities in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g. in the _Files_ tab of a work package, to interact with files located on the storage and link them to work packages in
```

Author: added
